====== About AA Affordable Realty ======

Eugene Havran, Owner-Broker has earned from the National Board of Realtors Associaton for exceeding over 40 continuous years for all phases of Real Estate, the status: “REALTOR EMERITUS BROKER”

Also known as AA Affordable Arlington DFW Metro Realty

Eugene Havran-Broker-Owner, experienced and Texas licensed over 44 years. Including the completed courses and training for the certification: (1) Texas Affordable Housing Specialist, 2 (and) NAR's Short Sale and Foreclosure Resouce (SFR) & related.

44 years experience membership in both: Arlington, Texas (includes Grand Prairie, Mansfield) Board of Real Estate, AND Tarrant County (Ft Worth and Area Cities)-- Also Dallas County (Dallas and Area Cities) Regional Area Board of Real Eastate, (including Six Counties). Sells all listings from each member real estate firm plus all new builds built by most all credited builders with a saving purchased from the posted list price. Tarrant County besides the Arlington Area includes Ft Worth, Burleson, Colleyville, Crowley, Euless, Grapevine, Hurst, Keller and other area cities. Dallas County includes Dallas, Carrollton, Irving, Richardson, Plano, Allen, Frisco, Cedar Hill, DeSoto and other area cities. Six Counties are: Tarrant, Dallas, Denton, Collin, Ellis and Johnson.

A Home Service Warranty cost may be included in the net buyer cost. Buyer should ask for coverage information good for one year after date of purchase and can be extended yearly for renewable request by the buyer. This is a very good coverage for a buyer to include to buy, especially when buying a pre-owned home.

New Built Homes are available & recommend including both custom and trac listed by all credible builders. Our clients recieve the savings of the Realty received wholesale rates. HUD repo homes vacant in Texas cities for occupant and non-occupant use buys. All buyers recieve our obtained special financing. Average available homes are only a few years old. Investor financing will buy the property and carry the note.

Available are second homes etc; Vacation homes etc; and Investment Properties; Move part of a 401K etc to a possible safer higher yielding income real estate address.

VA vacant repo homes in Texas all for new financing including eligible 0 Down including Investor and all types of participating ownership buys. These are very limited.

Real Estate consulting (Especially recommended for individuals using another firm, broker, or buying direct from an individual seller) fee priced by the session, transaction or needs of the client. Free fee quote. The small fee is the best consumer investment for a purchase and it will more than pay for itself in dollars saved.

Experienced: (1) FAST SALES with a good obtainable return. (2) Affordable purchase with terms that matches the buyers overall capabilities. (3) Addresses that have approved owner financing, when the buyers credit may not be normally favorable for a regular loan, but the buyer has a good job income, a purchase may be eligible by investor owner financing for any desirable address.

Information accuracy reproduced as received.